From Bitcoin To Eth and Beyond
------------------------------
In Bitcoin, the smart contract is limited to the traditional transaction. Ethereum with smart contracts expands on that with anything that can be computer programmed installable to blockchain, but it is after all a mere means to transactions and a product for transactions. The "the smart contract" and its sales pitch is an interface to from the user to the blockchain. Expand on this further, we can universalize... all things that have transaction volume potential should be able to interface from user to blockchain. The user to own their products and brands, the blockchain to handle transaction. The interface between the two are commonly known as API's, application programming interfaces.

Such a blockchain should offer an undefined user space, a user defined space, which slowly turns into a specific API for the blockchain and those API's that prove transaction volume dictating blockchain development direction. Taking a simple example, gamers want to leverage blockchain. It is easier to think about leveraging blockchain for a specific with an API, than smart contracts. An API provides gamers with drop in functions that handle the blockchain interface for their game. It's easy, fast and secure, leaving game developers to program their game. They own their brand, they leverage blockchain using an API. While each field has their specific API to provide those drop in functions and open source means anyone can begin a new API for their specific purpose.
